Fix a bug where query-builder crash when right-clicking the result panel if current query is not supported in form mode (#1501)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/thin-kings-sniff.md

---
'@finos/legend-query-builder': patch
---

> Fix a bug where UI crashed when right-clicking the result panel if the current query is not supported in form mode. ([#1490](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/1490)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug where query-builder crash when right-clicking the result panel row/cell if the current query is not supported in form mode. ([#1490](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/1490)).
```
